Hello and welcome to this Python tutorial.
So in the previous tutorial we did the boring step
of our deep learning journey,
which is the data processing step.
Not the most exciting part.
But of course, compulsory.
But now everything is ready and we can eventually get
into the exciting part of the journey
which is, of course, to make the artificial neural network.
So that's exactly what we're gonna do in the next tutorials.
And as you can see, I created this second part here,
part two now.
Let's make the ANN.
And I also created a third part,
part three making the predictions and evaluating the model.
So that you can clearly see
which section of the code builds the ANN.
what we're doing at every step.
And speaking of step,
now we're gonna make the ANN step by step
and we're gonna start with this first step
which is to import the keras libraries
and the required packages.
Because indeed we will not only need
to import the keras library but some modules
of the keras library which are required
to build the neural network.
Alright, so, first, let's import the keras library
because indeed, we installed keras here,
but we haven't imported keras yet.
So that's what we're gonna do right now.
So import keras and that's it.
So let's do it, selecting this line and pressing enter.
All right, import keras using TensorFlow backend.
That means that the keras library will build
the deep neural network based on TensorFlow.
If any of you wants to use the Theano backend,
well, you can do it, but it's not that direct.
So if any of you wants to do that,
feel free to ask me some questions in the Q & A,
and now I'll tell you how to do it.
But here, TensorFlow is fine.
Everything will not only work very well,
but also very fast.
All right, so keras done and now let's import the modules.
So we need to import two modules, here.
The Sequential module that is required
to initialize our neural network
and the Dense module that is required
to build the layers of our ANN.
Alright, so let's do it.
Let's first start with the Sequential module.
We are going to import this module
from the keras.models, here it is.
Sub library and import Sequential.
Alright, perfect.
So that's what we'll use to initialize our neural network.
All right, and now the second module, Dense
that we import from keras.layers.
Here it is, and then import Dense.
And that's the model will use to create
the layers in our artificial neural network.
All right, we have these warnings here
simply because okay, we import the library and the modules
but we haven't used them yet.
So that's fine don't worry about this.
We will use them in the next tutorials
first to initialize the ANN
and then to add the different layers in our ANN.
Alright, so all the imports are ready.
So let's select this line and execute to import Sequential,
and now let's select this line to import Dense.
And here we go.
Now we are ready to move on to the next step
which will be to initialize our neural network.
So we'll do that in the next tutorial.
And until then, enjoy deep learning.